doc/command-ref/nix-shell: Shebangs can occur anywhere (#11202)
NixOS/nix: doc/manual/src/command-ref/nix-shell.md

runCommand "dummy" { buildInputs = [ python pythonPackages.prettytable ]; } ""
```

Aside from the very first line, which is a directive to the operating system,
the `#! nix-shell` lines do not need to be at the beginning of the file. This
can be useful for working around syntactic restrictions in languages like

> ECMAScript, Erlang, PHP, and Ruby, where the `#! nix-shell` lines must be

Reviewer: It may be correct, but do people say ECMAScript?

```suggestion
JavaScript, Erlang, PHP, and Ruby, where the `#! nix-shell` lines must be
```

Author: Noted. I'll change it if required, but my time working with ECMAScript's architects has convinced me that the trademarked "JavaScript" moniker should be avoided when referring to the more generic usage of the language outside browser contexts. Thanks for the review!

> Aside from the very first line, which is a directive to the operating system,
> the `#! nix-shell` lines do not need to be at the beginning of the file. This
> can be useful for working around syntactic restrictions in languages like
> ECMAScript, Erlang, PHP, and Ruby, where the `#! nix-shell` lines must be
> hidden inside comments.

Reviewer 2: This lacks motivation. I didn't understand why this information is worth knowing without reading the linked issue.

```suggestion
The script's file name is passed as the first argument to the interpreter specified by the `-i` flag.

Aside from the very first line, which is a directive to the operating system, the additional `#! nix-shell` lines do not need to be at the beginning of the file.
This allows wrapping them in block comments for languages where `#` does not start a comment, such as ECMAScript, Erlang, PHP, or Ruby.
```

Please [wrap lines at sentence boundaries](https://hydra.nixos.org/build/267989860/download/1/manual/development/documentation.html#markdown-conventions), this makes review suggestions less noisy for you and less cumbersome for us.
